Bean Cash is a digital currency re-branded from BitBean.

*"Bean Cash is Bitcoin's Big Little Brother - Fast..Simple..Secure..More
Than Digital Currency!"*

www.beancash.org

What Is Bean Cash?
------------------

Bean Cash (Ticker: BITB) is a re-brand of BitBean. Bean Cash brings
forward BitBean's legacy of lightening-fast transactions and a
rock-solid network, with a mature blockchain--that is over 6 years old!
6 years is a long time in the "crypto-currency" space! In this time,
Beancash has not hardforked or had a transaction roll-back. Bean Cash is
developed by Bean Core, a virtual company comprised of individuals and
entities around the world, with the purpose of moving development
forward and helping to bring about consensus among the community. Bean
Cash's mission: "To be an enduring digital currency, with high
integrity, a store of value and a means of exchange of value in every
day transactions -- that stands the test of time!"

Bean Cash is a digital currency and network based of of the original
Bitcoin reference, with improvements that are ecological friendly (Proof
of Bean Consensus), larger block sizes -- improving scalability, faster
block targets --increasing speed, with overall lightening fast
transactions! It features an innovative Proof of Bean (PoB) algorithm
that more closely resembles traditional Proof of Work (PoW) crypto
currencies, but without all the electricity demands and custom hardware
as required to mine in traditional POW. Bean Cash is the first digital
currency to implement a maximum of 20MB blocks, based off Gavin
Andersen's proposals to fix Bitcoin's scalability limitations. Bean Cash
is designed from the ground-up to be a transaction-centric and superior
form of currency, for exchange of value in on-line purchases (idealy
suited for micro-transactions) and purchases with traditional
brick-and-mortar merchants.

In it's mission to be a transaction-centric digital currency with real
world use, one of the goals for Bean Cash, is solving the "last mile
issue" in the digital currency space. Specifically, the "last mile
issue" deals with implimentation of infrastructure at the point of use.
Instramental in this objective will be working with companies that are
willing to implement Bean Cash at the Point of Sale/Service. Bean Cash
is designed to support a network with over 1,300 TPS (Transactions Per
Second), effecively being able to compete with companies such as PayPal.

As developers of Bean Cash, we are not looking to re-impliment a
transaction system, based on the "Check/Cheque" model (et al. Bitcoin),
where a merchant approves a transaction based on simple verification,
and settlement happens much latter. That kind of model does not provide
any more value than existing, charge back prone, credit cards.

Rather than use archaic models of the past, Bean Cash will allow
merchants to verify, validate and settle transactions in near real time
(a minute or less on average for a single confirmation transaction.)
This is magnitudes faster than Bitcoin (10-30 times, or substantually
more if transactions are back-logged), while providing no risk, with
transactions being posted in near real time to the Bean Cash blockchain.
This provides real value by allowing merchants to reduce risk, fraud,
and costs as their percentage of Bean Cash transactions increases in
their business. Fundamently, a zero confirmation transaction does not
help to solve a real-world problem, as merchants still bear risk as with
existing traditional payment methods (checks/cheques/Credit-Debit
cards).

To learn more about Bean Cash, visit our website: www.beancash.org or
chat live with our community members at: https://live.beancash.org.

Alternatively, if you are a merchant with questions or interested in
adopting Bean Cash in your business, you may contact Bean Core via
email.

Bean Cash Specifications
------------------------

**Consensus**: Proof of Bean (PoB) & Proof of Work (PoW distribution
ended at block 10,000)

**Proof of Work Algorithm**: SHA-256

**PoW Block Reward**: 100,000 BITB

**PoW Blocks**: 10,000

**PoB Block Reward**: 1000 BITB (1 BEAN)

**Target Blocktime**: 1 minute

**RPC Port**: 22461 (Testnet: 22463)

**Port**: 22460 (Testnet: 22462)

**Time to Maturity**: 110 Confirmations

**Minimum Time for Beans To Be Elgible to Sprout**: 6 hours

**Maximum Supply for BITB (reached in or around 2023)**: 5 Billion BITB

**Maximum Supply for BEAN**: 21 Million BEAN

In 2023 Sprouting for BITB will be merged into BEAN, with a new
Consensus Algorithm (Announced via Project Aurora Whitepaper).

**On July 13th., 2021 Bean Cash will have its first planned hardfork.
Nodes will need to upgrade to v1.3.1 before this date!**

Bean Cash Monetary Units
------------------------

BEAN\* = Whole Bean BITB = Bit of a Bean mBITB = milli-BITB uBITB =
micro-BITB ADZUKI = Smallest Bean unit

\*BEAN is reserved for Bean Cash v2.X(Project Aurora) BITB is the base
unit of Bean Cash v1.X

-  **BEAN** = ÃŸ1 = 1,000(BITB)
-  **BITB** = 1(BITB)
-  **mBITB** = .001(BITB)
-  **uBITB** = .000001(BITB)
-  **ADZUKI** = .00000001(BITB)

Support
-------

.. raw:: html

   <li>

www.beancash.org

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Live Community Support: https://live.beancash.org

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Twitter: @BeanCash\_BEAN

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

email

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Bean Core, Team Bean, bitbean.org Copyright (c)
2017-2021 Bean Core, Team Bean, beancash.org
